Updates to the domain docs as a result of docs workshop (#6738)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/domain.mdx

## Intents

The `intents` key in your domain file lists all intents
used in your [NLU data](./nlu-training-data.mdx) and [conversation training data](./training-data-format#conversation-training-data).

### Ignoring entities for certain intents

To ignore all entities for certain intents, you can

> add the `use_entities: []` parameter to the intent in your `Domain`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add the `use_entities: []` parameter to the intent in your domain
```

### Slot Types

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

slot to influence the next selected action (and not just whether
it's been specified). You can do this by defining a custom slot class.

> In the code below, you can see a slot class called `NumberOfPeopleSlot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below defines a custom slot class called `NumberOfPeopleSlot`.
```

        return r
```

> Now Rasa Core needs some training stories to learn from how to handle the

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Rasa Open Source needs some training stories to learn from how to handle the
```

You can define the period of inactivity after which a new conversation
session is triggered in the domain under the `session_config` key.

> Available parameters are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Available parameters are:
```
